Fix document link for manage-cache (#1774)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/package_reference/file_download.md

re-downloading files. The caching system was updated in v0.8.0 to become the central
cache-system shared across libraries that depend on the Hub.

> Read the [cache-system guide](../how-to-cache) for a detailed presentation of caching at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [cache-system guide](../guides/manage-cache) for a detailed presentation of caching at
```

Even though we have a redirect `how-to-cache` => `guides/manage-cache` (for legacy links) it's best to use the new one to avoid a redirect for the user.

Author: Thank you!
